Contributing guide update post refactor (#283)
opea-project/docs: community/CONTRIBUTING.md

    |   |   │   │   └── compose.yaml
    |   |   │   └── kubernetes
    |   |   │       ├── README.md
    |   |   │       └── cpu-values.yaml
    |   |   └── src
    |   |       ├── Dockerfile
    |   |       ├── README.md    # could be multiple files for different integrations
    |   |       ├── __init__.py
    |   |       ├── integrations
    |   |       │   ├── __init__.py
    |   |       │   ├── multimodal_bridgetower.py
    |   |       │   ├── predictionguard.py
    |   |       │   └── tei.py
    |   |       ├── opea_embedding_microservice.py
    |   |       ├── opea_multimodal_embedding_microservice.py
    |   |       └── requirements.txt
    |   ├── third_parties
    |   │   ├── bridgetower
    |   │   ├── clip
    |   │   ├── elasticsearch
    |   │   ├── gpt-sovits
    |   │   ├── milvus
    |   │   ├── mongodb
    |   │   ├── nginx
    |   │   ├── opensearch
    |   │   ├── pathway
    |   │   ├── pgvector
    |   │   ├── redis
    |   │   ├── speecht5
    |   │   ├── tei
    |   │   ├── teirerank
    |   │   ├── tgi
    |   │   ├── vdms
    |   │   ├── vllm
    |   │   ├── wav2lip
    |   │   └── whisper
    ├── tests
    │   └── embeddings

>     │       ├── test_embeddings_tei_langchain.sh

Reviewer: Those test need to update, the test name should be 'test_[microservice type]_[integration type].sh' or 'test_[microservice type]_[integration type]_on_[hardware].sh'.

    │       ├── test_embeddings_tei_langchain_on_amd_gpu.sh
    │       └── test_embeddings_tei_llama_index.sh
    └── README.md
    ```

    - **File Descriptions**:

>       - `deployment/docker_compose` and `deployment/kubernetes`: These folders contain the deployments for the different integrations (i,e for dataprep component we may have compose_pinecone.yaml, compose_milvus.yaml)

Reviewer: The goal for docker_compose yaml is combine multiple integration into one compose.yaml, so let's remove `(i,e for dataprep component we may have compose_pinecone.yaml, compose_milvus.yaml)`. `dataprep` yaml will be optimized into one file soon.

      - `src/opea_embedding_microservice.py`: This file defines and registers the microservice. It serves as the entrypoint of the Docker container.
      - `src/integrations/tei.py`: Integrations define how OPEA integrates the third_parties services. 
      - `src/requirements.txt`: This file is used by Docker to install the necessary dependencies for opea component and all integrations
      - `src/Dockerfile`: Used to generate the service container image.
      - `tests/[microservices type]/` : contains end-to-end test for microservices. Please follow naming convention:`test_[microservice type]_[integration type].sh` or `test_[microservice type]_[integration type]_on_[hardware].sh` if hardware specific. This will ensure CICD evaluates components correctly.

>       - `tests/cores/` : contains Unit Tests (UT) for the core python components (orchestrator, gateway...). Please follow the naming convention:`test_[core component].sh`

Reviewer: `Please follow the naming convention:`test_[core component].sh`` need to remove this line. The ut test are covered by python code, not shell scripts.

      - `README.md`: at minimum it should include: microservice description, build, and start commands and a curl command with expected output.

> 4. Now you have created all the required files, and validated your service. Last step is to add a `src/README_[interation_type].md` at the component level `GenAIComps/comps/[microservice type]` to list your new component. Now you are ready to file your PR! Once your PR is merged, in the next release the project  release maintainers will publish the Docker Image for the same to the Docker Hub.

Reviewer 2: Nits: extraneous space. unnecessary article.

```suggestion
4. Now you have created all the required files, and validated your service. Last step is to add a `src/README_[interation_type].md` at the component level `GenAIComps/comps/[microservice type]` to list your new component. Now you are ready to file your PR! Once your PR is merged, in the next release the project release maintainers will publish the Docker Image for the same to Docker Hub.
```

5. After your component has been merged, you are likely interested in building an application with it, and perhaps contributing it also to OPEA! Please continue on to the [Contribute a GenAI Example](#contribute-a-genai-example) guide.

### Contribute a GenAI Example

> Each of the samples in OPEA GenAIExamples is an oft used solution. They each have scripts to ease deployment, and have been tested for performance and scalability with Docker Compose and Kubernetes. When contributing an example, a Docker Compose deployment is the minimum requirement. However, since OPEA is intended for enterprise applications, supporting Kubernetes deployment is highly encouraged. You can find [examples for Kubernetes deployment](https://github.com/opea-project/GenAIExamples/tree/main/ChatQnA/kubernetes/helm#readme) using Helm Charts.

Reviewer 3: What is `oft`? you mean `often`, `frequently` or `commonly`?

Author: @ashahba google tells me is an archaic version of often. This was added by someone else in an earlier version of the guide.

> Each of the samples in OPEA GenAIExamples are a common oft used solution. They each have scripts to ease deployment, and have been tested for performance and scalability with Docker compose and Kubernetes. When contributing an example, a Docker Compose deployment is the minimum requirement. However, since OPEA is intended for enterprise applications, supporting Kubernetes deployment is highly encouraged. You can find [examples for Kubernetes deployment](https://github.com/opea-project/GenAIExamples/tree/main/ChatQnA/kubernetes/helm#readme) using Helms Charts.

Reviewer 2: Nit: grammar; typos

```suggestion
Each of the samples in OPEA GenAIExamples is an oft used solution. They each have scripts to ease deployment, and have been tested for performance and scalability with Docker Compose and Kubernetes. When contributing an example, a Docker Compose deployment is the minimum requirement. However, since OPEA is intended for enterprise applications, supporting Kubernetes deployment is highly encouraged. You can find [examples for Kubernetes deployment](https://github.com/opea-project/GenAIExamples/tree/main/ChatQnA/kubernetes/helm#readme) using Helm Charts.
```

> Each of the samples in OPEA GenAIExamples are a common oft used solution. They each have scripts to ease deployment, and have been tested for performance and scalability with Docker compose and Kubernetes. When contributing an example, a Docker Compose deployment is the minimum requirement. However, since OPEA is intended for enterprise applications, supporting Kubernetes deployment is highly encouraged. You can find [examples for Kubernetes deployment](https://github.com/opea-project/GenAIExamples/tree/main/ChatQnA/kubernetes/helm#readme) using manifests, Helms Charts, and the [GenAI Microservices Connector (GMC)](https://github.com/opea-project/GenAIExamples/blob/main/ChatQnA/kubernetes/gmc/README.md). GMC offers additional enterprise features, such as the ability to dynamically adjust pipelines on Kubernetes (e.g., switching to a different LLM on the fly, adding guardrails), composing pipeleines that include external services hosted in public cloud or on-premisees via URL, and supporting sequential, parallel and conditional flows in the pipelines.

Reviewer: `manifests` is deprecated and replaced by `Helm Charts`, let's remove it. `GMC` is lack of maintainers, all failed in v1.2, let's remove either.

    │   └── helm
    │       ├── README.md
    │       ├── cpu-values.yaml
    │       ├── gaudi-values.yaml
    │       ├── gaudi-vllm-values.yaml
    │       ├── guardrails-gaudi-values.yaml
    │       ├── guardrails-values.yaml
    │       ├── norerank-values.yaml
    │       └── nv-values.yaml
    ├── tests
    │   ├── test_compose_guardrails_on_gaudi.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_on_gaudi.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_on_rocm.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_on_xeon.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_pinecone_on_xeon.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_qdrant_on_xeon.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_tgi_on_gaudi.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_tgi_on_xeon.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_without_rerank_on_gaudi.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_without_rerank_on_xeon.sh
    │   ├── test_gmc_on_gaudi.sh
    │   ├── test_gmc_on_xeon.sh
    └── ui

    ```

    - **File Descriptions**:
      - `chatqna.py`: application definition using microservice, megaservice and gateway. There could be multiple .py in the folder based on slight modification of the example application.
      - `docker_build_image/build.yaml`: builds necessary images pointing to the Dockerfiles in the GenAIComp repository.

>       - `docker_compose/[vendor]/[device]/compose.yaml`: defines pipeline for  Docker compose deployment. For selectng docker image name please follow the naming convention:

Reviewer 2: nit Caps; typo/wording
```suggestion
      - `docker_compose/[vendor]/[device]/compose.yaml`: defines pipeline for  Docker Compose deployment. For naming the Docker Image file please follow the naming convention:
```

        - Docker Image: `opea/[example name]-[feature name]:latest` all lower case (i,e: opea/chatqna, opea/codegen-react-ui)

>       - `kubernetes/helm` and `kubernetes/gmc` : used for K8s deployemnt with helm or GMC

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - `kubernetes/helm` and `kubernetes/gmc` : used for K8s deployemnt with helm or [GenAI Microservices Connector (GMC)](https://github.com/opea-project/GenAIInfra/tree/main/microservices-connector#genai-microservices-connectorgmc)
```

>       - `tests/`: at minimum you need to provide an E2E test with Docker compose. If you are contritbutng K8s Helm Chart and GMC yaml, you should also provide test for those. Please follow naming convention:

Reviewer 2: Nit: Caps; Typo/Grammar
```suggestion
      - `tests/`: at minimum you need to provide an E2E test with Docker Compose. If you are contributing a K8s Helm Chart or GMC yaml, you should also provide tests for those. Please follow this naming convention:
```

> - Follow the folder structure in the ChatQA example below:

Reviewer: This gateways section can be deleted.

    │   │   ├── chatQnA_gaudi.yaml
    │   │   ├── chatQnA_switch_gaudi.yaml
    │   │   ├── chatQnA_switch_xeon.yaml
    │   │   └── chatQnA_xeon.yaml
    │   └── helm
    │       ├── README.md
    │       ├── cpu-values.yaml
    │       ├── gaudi-values.yaml
    │       ├── gaudi-vllm-values.yaml
    │       ├── guardrails-gaudi-values.yaml
    │       ├── guardrails-values.yaml
    │       ├── norerank-values.yaml
    │       └── nv-values.yaml
    ├── tests
    │   ├── common
    │   │   └── _test_manifest_utils.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_guardrails_on_gaudi.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_on_gaudi.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_on_rocm.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_on_xeon.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_pinecone_on_xeon.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_qdrant_on_xeon.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_tgi_on_gaudi.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_tgi_on_xeon.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_without_rerank_on_gaudi.sh
    │   ├── test_compose_without_rerank_on_xeon.sh
    │   ├── test_gmc_on_gaudi.sh
    │   ├── test_gmc_on_xeon.sh
    │   ├── test_manifest_guardrails_on_gaudi.sh
    │   ├── test_manifest_guardrails_on_xeon.sh
    │   ├── test_manifest_on_gaudi.sh
    │   ├── test_manifest_on_xeon.sh

>     │   └── test_manifest_vllm_on_gaudi.sh

Reviewer: Need to remove `test_manifest_xxx`, also `common` folder.

    └── ui

    ```

    - **File Descriptions**:
      - `chatqna.py`: application definition using microservice, megaservice and gateway. There could be multiple .py in the folder based on slight modification of the example application.
      - `docker_build_image/build.yaml`: builds necessary images pointing to the Dockerfiles in the GenAIComp repository.
      - `docker_compose/[vendor]/[device]/compose.yaml`: defines pipeline for  Docker compose deployment. For selectng docker image name please follow the naming convention:
        - Docker Image: `opea/[example name]-[feature name]:latest` all lower case (i,e: opea/chatqna, opea/codegen-react-ui)
      - `kubernetes/helm` and `kubernetes/gmc` : used for K8s deployemnt with helm or GMC

>       - `tests/`: at minimum you need to provide an E2E test with Docker compose. If you are contritbutng K8s manifests and GMC yaml, you should also provide test for those. Please follow naming convention:

Reviewer: Remove `K8s manifests`

        - Docker compose test: `tests/test_compose_on_[hardware].sh`

>         - K8s test: `tests/test_manifest_on_[hardware].sh`

Reviewer: remove this line.

### Reporting Issues

> If you run into unexpected behavior, please report it using the `Issues` page under the corresponding github project but first check if there is already a similar existing issue. If not, please follow the Bug Report template and supply as much information as you can. It's helpful if the issue submitter can narrow down the problematic behavior to a minimal reproducible test case.

Reviewer 4: GitHub

> If you run into unexpected behavior, please report it using the `Issues` page under the corresponding github project. Please first check if there is already a similar existing issue. If not, please follow the Bug Report template and supply as much information as you can. It's helpful if the issue submitter can narrow down the problematic behavior to a minimal reproducible test case.

Reviewer 3: `github project. Please first check` -> `github project but first check`

> If OPEA user runs into some unexpected behavior, reporting the issue to the `Issues` page under the corresponding github project is the proper way to do. Please ensure there is no similar one already existing on the issue list. Please follow the Bug Report template and supply as much information as you can, and any additional insights you might have. It's helpful if the issue submitter can narrow down the problematic behavior to a minimal reproducible test case.

Reviewer 2: Cleanup wording

```suggestion
If you run into unexpected behavior, please report it using the `Issues` page under the corresponding github project. Please first check if there is already a similar existing issue. If not, please follow the Bug Report template and supply as much information as you can. It's helpful if the issue submitter can narrow down the problematic behavior to a minimal reproducible test case.
```

### Reporting Issues

If OPEA user runs into some unexpected behavior, reporting the issue to the `Issues` page under the corresponding github project is the proper way to do. Please ensure there is no similar one already existing on the issue list. Please follow the Bug Report template and supply as much information as you can, and any additional insights you might have. It's helpful if the issue submitter can narrow down the problematic behavior to a minimal reproducible test case.

### Proposing New Features

> 

Reviewer: `You can add reviewers from [the code owners list](./codeowner.md) to your PR.` The link here is not readable, better point to the io page. https://github.com/opea-project/docs/blob/8c1df32f043e0a02398cb4a73fd05ed7e2987556/community/codeowner.md

- End to End Test, the PR must pass all end to end tests.

#### Pull Request Review

> You can add reviewers from [the code owners list](https://github.com/opea-project/docs/blob/8c1df32f043e0a02398cb4a73fd05ed7e2987556/community/codeowner.md) to your PR.

Reviewer 2: I don't think people outside of the project have permissions to add reviewers. You may want to strike this section.

Are you intentionally linking to a specific commit?
You may want:
```suggestion
You can add reviewers from [the code owners list](https://github.com/opea-project/docs/blob/main/community/codeowner.md) to your PR.
```

Please also note the code owners list is pretty much empty.
